Que : Why Django should be used for web-development? 
      Explain how you can create a project in Django?

-> Django is a Popular python framework that provides a
   robust set of tools and features for web developement.
-> Here are some reasons why Django is often chosen for
   web developement projects:

   1) High-level and feature-rich: Django offers a high-level
      framework that abstracts away much of the complexity
      of web developement,allowing developers to focus on 
      building the application logic.It providfes a wide range 
      of built-in-features,including an ORM(object relational mapping)
      for database management, URL routing, form handling,authentication
      and more.

    2) Scalability and reusability: Django follows the don't repeat
       yourself(DRY) principle, which promotes code reusability and 
       maintainability, its modular design and extensive collection of
       reusable components, called"Apps", make it easier to build 
       scalable and maintainable web applications.

     3) Security: Django incorporates various security measures by default,
        such as protection against common web vulerabilities like SQL injection,
        cross-site scripting(XSS), and cross-site request forgery(CSRF).It also
        provides user authentication and authorization mechanisms to handle user
        management securely.

      4) Database Support: Django supports multiple databases out of the box, 
         including popular options like PostgreSQL,MySQL,SQLite and Oracle.
         Its ORM simplifies database using python objects and queries.

-> Now let's go through the basic steps to create a project in Django:

	1) Install Django: Ensure that Django is installed on your system.
	   you can use the following command to install Django using pip.
		

		pip install django

	2) Create a Django Project: Open a terminal or command prompt and navigate 
	   to the desired directory where you want to create your project.Then run 
	   the following command:
		
		django-admin startproject projectname

	   Replace "projectname" with the name ypu want to give to your project.
	   This command will create a new directory with the project structure and 
	   necessary files.

	3) Start the developement server: Change to the project directory by running:

	
		cd projectname

	   Then start the developement server with the following command:
		
		python manage.py runserver

	   This will start the server on the default port 8000.

	4) Access the project: Open a web browser and visit 'http://localhost:8000/'.
	   You should see the default Django "Welcome" page if everything is set up correctly.



Congratulations!! You have successfullu created a basic Django project. From here, you can start
defining models, creating views, and designing templates to built your web application.
