Que : What are oops concepts? 
      Is multiple inheritance supported in java?

-> Object-oriented programming (OOP) is a programming paradigm 
   that is based on the concept of "objects", which can contain
   data and code to manipulate that data. OOP revolves around 
   four main concepts:

   1) Encapsulation : This refers to the practice of bulding data and
      code into a single unit, and restricting access to the data from
      outside the unit. In OOP, objects are designed to encapsulate data
      and behavior.

   2) Inheritance : This refers to the ability of an object to inherit 
      characteristics(i.e. data and behavior) from a parent object.
      Inheritance allows objects to be created in a hierarchical manner,
      where each objects inherits some properties from its parent object.

   3) Polymorphism : This refers to the ability of objects to take on 
      multiple forms, or to be used in different ways. Polymorphism allows
      objects to be used interchangeably, as long as they have the same interface.

   4) Abstraction : This refers to the process of generalizing complex details
      to make them more manageable. In OOP, abstraction is used to create abstract
      classes and interfaces, which provide a high-level view of objects without 
      revealing their implementation details.

-> As for multiple inheritance in java, it is not supported directly. 

-> Java does not allows a class to inherit from multiple classes at the same time.

-> However, java does support a form of multiple inheritance through the use of 
   interfaces.

-> An interface in java defines a set of methods that a class must implement , but
   it does not provide any implementation of those methods.

-> A class can implement multiple interfaces, effectively inherting the method
   signatures from all of them. This allows for a form of multiple inheritance 
   in java, while avoiding the problems that can arise from the diamond problem 
   in traditional multiple inheritance.